{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23060\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Do you run a small business? If so, you likely don\'92t have a large enough staff to deal with developing, reproducing and mailing all your documents and correspondence. Why not let Office Systems, Inc, take care of this work for you? We provide the following services:\

\b 		Editing
\b0 \
Don\'92t send out your documents until you are sure they are absolutely perfect. We provide revision and proofreading services on all documents, large and small.\

\b 		Design and Production
\b0 \
Our professional graphic designers work with you to develop the best format and layout for you documents. We also provide copying and assembling services, including folding, stapling and packaging\

\b 		Delivery
\b0 \
We can connect you with several different delivery services, including the postal system and private courier companies. Is you correspondence urgent? Our express delivery service gets it to the recipient within 24 hours or less, guaranteed\
Visit any one of our branches to open up an account with us today. You can download an application from our website and fill it out beforehand to make the process go more smoothly. Don\'92t let the detail of correspondence and document development complicate your life. Let office systems, Inc. handle it all for you}