{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 To
\b0  : Marjorle Morgan\

\b From
\b0  :Bill Smithers\

\b Subj
\b0  : Recruiting\
\

\b Marjorie,
\b0 \
We need to start looking at recruiting some new staff members over the summer. Our company has gotten lots of new contracts recently. We have abundant work and need to take on two or three new employees to help with it. We should advertise the positions as entry level with room for promotion. We should choose the job candidates carefully as I don't want to have to end up firing anyone who turns out to be a bad match, I would like the new staff members to start work by June 10. Therefore, we should ask interested candidates to submit their applications before the end of April so that we can start interviewing in early May. Please come up with a recruiting plan and let me know. Thanks\
\

\b Bill\
----------------------------------------------
\b0 \

\b To
\b0  : Bill Smithers\

\b From
\b0  : Marjorie Morgan\

\b Subj
\b0  : re:Recruitin\

\b Attachment : 
\b0 ad dragt\
\

\b Bill
\b0 ,\
\
Here is my plan for recruiting new staff members for this summer. I will place ads in our local newspapers, in two major national papers and on the major websites by April 1. The deadline for submission of applications will be April 20. We will start interviews on May 8. In the ads I will carefully outline the qualifications we are looking for. I'm attaching a draft of the ad. Please look it over and send me your comments. I want to make sure it contains all the details you want.\
\

\b Marjorie}