{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh15260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Matilda Moreno,\
Human resources Director - Milestone Marketing, Inc\
1476 Honeycutt Avenue, Riverdale\
\

\b0 Dear Mr.Moreno,\
\
I'm writing in response to your ad in last Sunday's newspaper. I'm interested in applying for the marketing research assistant position. I have the background and abilities you are looking for. I have recently graduated from a four year university program with a degree in marketing. My work experience includes three months working as an intern for a local marketing firm. So, I have on the job marketing experience in addition to my university training. I have also worked for the past two years as a part time office manager while going to school. My experience at this job allowed me to develop important managerial and organizational skills.\
\
I currently live in Deerfield but i am interested in relocating to Reverdale. I will be visiting reverdale during the first week of next month and am ready to come in for an interview anytime during that week.\
\
I'm enclosing my resume and three letters of reference.Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or need further information. I believe I am a good match for your company. and I am confident that I can do the job. I look forward to hearing from you.\
\
Sincerely.\

\b Samuel Rutherford}