{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh15260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 			Memo\
To : 
\b0 All new hires\

\b From : 
\b0 Edwin Mallory, human resources Director\

\b Re : 
\b0 Training session\
\
All new hires are required to attend a training session which will take place on Friday, October 12 from 9:30 AM until 3:30 PM. The session will be conducted in meeting room 3 and lunch will be provided during the session you will get an overview of company policies and procedures. You will also be updated on changes in the benefits package and learn about professional development opportunities, you will be required to participate in so that you can keep up with changes in your field. Attendance at this training is mandatory for everyone hired since June of this year.\
There will be no excuses\
---------------------------\

\b To : 
\b0 Edwin Mallory\

\b From : 
\b0 Amelia Foote\

\b Subject : 
\b0 Training session\
\
Dear Mr.Mallory,\
\
I just learned from your memo that I will be required to attend the training session on October 12. Unfortunately, I had already planned to be out of the office that week attending my niece's wedding. My supervisor has given me permission to take this time off and I have already purchased my plane tickets. I didn't know about the date of the training session when i set up these plans. and it will be very difficult to change them now. my mentor suggested that I ask you for permission to miss this training session. I'm willing to attend the next session instead. I hope you don't reject this offer. It is very important to me to be able to attend this family event. \
\
Thank you!\

\b Amelia Foote}