{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh15260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 To : 
\b0 James Porter\

\b From : 
\b0 Helene Bourassa\

\b Subject :
\b0  Re:Benefits question\
\

\b Dear James,\

\b0 \
I will try to clarify for you your questions about retirement benefits\
\
Time of retirement, the time at which an employee can retire is calculated on the basis of age and number of years of service to the company. An employee of the company can retire with full benefits at age 55 if he or she has worked a minimum of 30 years for the company. Employees can retire at age 60 or above with 25 years of service to the company. Since you are younger than 60 years old and have worked for the company for 22 years, you won't be eligible to retire for another few years.\
\
Benefits for your spouse, I know this is a delicate matter, but It's important to know about. If you die before your spouse, she will continue to receive full retirement benefits for the rest of her life.\
\
Health insurance, Retirees are eligible to receive health insurance. There are several packages to choose from and I will send you brochures about them. Your spouse will also be eligible for health coverage when you retire. If you happen to have any dependent children under the age of 21 and living at home, they too will be eligible for health coverage.\
\
I hope this answers your questions. Please don't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information.\
\

\b Helene}