{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh15260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 To : 
\b0 all company staff\

\b From : 
\b0 Claude Dubois, Personnel Manager\

\b Subject :
\b0  Annual awards ceremony\
\
it's time to start getting ready for the company's annual awards ceremony. It will take place at the marrimack Hotel on Friday, November 10. Up to 15 staff members will receive awards from the company president that evening. We look to you, our company staff to help us select deserving award recipients. Please send in your nominations for colleagues who you think merit the recognition of an award. Obviously, we would like to see names of people who have contributed more than average to the company. Send me your nominations by email before October 15 so that we can have the list finalized before November 5.\
Thank you.\
-------------------------------\

\b To : 
\b0 claude_dubois@starco.com\

\b From : 
\b0 marilyn_freeland@starco.com\

\b Subject :
\b0   nomination\
\

\b Hi Claude,\

\b0 \
I would like to nominate my coworker, Janet McGhee, assistant manager of the research department for an award. Her dedication to her job is far above average. She always works long hours to make sure she gets her job done. If she is working on an important project, she will come into the office on weekends if she thinks it's necessary to completing her job on time. The rest of us in the department always look to Janet as an example of how to get a job done right. If anyone deserves the recognition of an award for loyalty and dedication, it's Janet. I hope you will consider her as an award recipient\
\
Thank you \

\b Marilyn}