{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23060\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 				
\b Catherine cosmetics company\

\b0 Sales Department meting report\
March 29,20___\
\
We reviewed the sales figures for the past quarter. We are currently experiencing a significant drop in sales in our hair care products. This has been going on since the beginning of the year when we introduced the improved version of our top selling hair case line, Catherine\'92s Curls. Our advertising has not been successful in convincing more consumers to buy these products. We know there is a market for product such as these manufactured with 100% natural ingredients and no testing on animals. In fact, our competitors are doing quite well in this area and have been for a number of years. We know from our research that the popularity of all natural cosmetic product is more than just a passing fad, and this is why we decided to branch out into this area. We have carefully compared our products to those of our three largest competitors. We have looked at product ingredients, packaging, target consumers, pricing and sales strategies. Our product is similar or even better in all ways but one. Our packaging is significantly less eye catching than that of our competitors and it does not convey the important aspects of the products to the consumer that is that these products are entirely made with natural ingredients. Therefore, in order to attract more customers, we recommend employing a new designer to create better packaging for the Catherine\'92s Curls line of products.\
\
\
}