{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23060\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 			
\b Kitchen Electronics, Inc
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 October 12,20__\
Mrs.Sophie Bordeaux, 118 <Montrose Street StoneyBrook, MI>\
\
Dear Mrs.Bordeaux,\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-13678\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We received the defective toaster which you returned to us asking for a full refund under the term of the one year warranty. Unfortunately, the warranty on the toaster exported a month ago. The terms of the warranty do not cover your product once it has exprired. Consequently, we will not be able to send you a refund. However, we will be able to send you a refurbished toaster of the same model in exchange for the defective one if you desire. Please let us know if such an arrangement would be satisfactory to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Please don\'92t hestitable to contact me if you have any questions. We appreciate your business.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Sincerely,\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Matthew Bodine
\b0  \'96 Customer service Manager\
November 1,20__\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\

\b Matthew Bodine
\b0  \'96 Customer Service Manager \'96 Kitchen Electronics,Inc\
194294 Honeywell Boulevard Victoria Springs,AL\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dear 
\b Mr.Bodine
\b0 ,\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I have received your letter offering to send me a refurbished toaster in place of my defective one. I had not realised that my warranty had already expired. After considering the matter, I have decided to accept the refurbished toaster. Your company has a good reputation and I frequently use your products. In fact, this is the first time I have ever had a problem with anything I have purchased from you. Therefore, I am sure that the refurbished toaster will be work as well as a brand new one. However, I would like to be assured that the refurbished toaster will be protected be a warranty just as a new toaster would be. If this is the case, then please send me the toaster as soon as possible.Thank you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Sincerely,\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri334\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Sophie Bordeaux}