{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23060\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 		
\b Business Kitchens, Inc.\
			
\b0 April 19,20__\
Dear Mr.Conner,\
\
I'm writing to follow up on our conversation of last Monday. You said you were looking for a new provider for kitchen supplies for your office and that your particular need at this time was for a large capacity coffeemaker. I have looked through the coffeemakers we have available and believe. I have found the best one to suit your needs. The primary advantage of the 300X Office Coffeemaker is that it reduces mess. The coffeemaker is filled with water daily. Then, to make a cup of coffee, the user simply inserts a premeasured package of coffee into the machine and presses the "on" button. The coffee is ready in one minute. There are no pots to clean or filters to change. The machine can make tea and other hot drinks as well. The 300X is also the most durable machine on the maket.\
\
I'm enclosing a description of the machine and price information. We can also deliver refills of coffee and tea to you on weekly or monthly basis. In addition, we stock other kitchen appliances such as microwave ovens and office sized refrigerators. Please let me know if you are interested in purchasing such items.\
Sincerely,\
Laura Baker - Sales Manager\
---------------------------------------
\fs26 	\
		
\b Johnson Research Affiliates\
			
\b0 April 16,20__\
Dear Ms.Baker,\
\
Thank you for the information on the 300X Office Coffeemaker. I think, it will meet our needs for large capacity coffeemakers at an affordable price. Our office is large, so I would like to order two at this time. I don't think we will need the regular deliveries of coffee and tea. Our need for these varies so much from week to week that it is better to order them on an as needed basic. My assistant is good at staying on top of these things, so we don't have to worry about running out. Currently we don't have a need for ovens or refrigerators although we may in the near future. I will keep you informed. Meanwhile, we will send you a purchase order for the coffeemakers.\
Thank you for your help.\
Sincerely,\
Matthew Conner - Office manager		}