{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23060\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 When you bring in a new employee, it\'92s important to make sure that he or she understands the usual office procedures as well as the codes of behavior. These things should be outlined clearly in the employee handbook. New employees should understand that they are expected to do more than just glimpse at the handbook and then hide it in a drawer. A thorough reading of it will help them understand many things they need to know about the workspace culture. Employers also appreciate verbal reinforcement. Supervisors should let them know when they have completed a job will, or if they are bending the rules too far. More experienced coworkers can be asked to support new employees while they are getting used to their new positions and explain procedures to them, but ultimately it is the supervisor\'92s responsibility to make sure that the normal office practices are carried out. When everyone understands what is expected then the office procedures run more smoothly. In fact, it\'91s not a bad idea to review the codes and procedures with the entire staff from time to time. Thing can be done on a regular basis at staff meetings or it can be part of a training session}