{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green245\blue245;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26300\viewh15420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Study the following definitions and examples\
\
1. 
\b abide by
\b0  (v) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u601 \u712 ba\u618 d
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 /\
	+ to comply with\
	+ to conform\
    a. 
\i The two parties agreed to abide by the judge's decision.
\i0 \
    b.  
\i For years he has abided by a commitment to annual employee raises.
\i0 \
\
2. 
\b agreement
\b0  (n) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u601 \u712 \u609 ri\u720 m\u601 nt
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 /\
	+ a mutual arrangement\
	+ a contract\
    a. 
\i The landlord and tenant were in agreement that the rent should be prorated to the middle of the month.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i according to the agreement, the caterer will also supply the flowers for the event
\i0 \outl\strokewidth60 \
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
3. 
\b assurance
\b0  (n) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u601 \u712 \u643 \u596 \u720 r\u601 ns/\
	+
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  a guarantee\
	+ confidence\
    a. 
\i The sales associate gave him assurance that the missing keyboard would be replaced the next day.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i Her self-assurance made it easy to see why she was in charge of the negotiations.
\i0 \
\
4. 
\b cancellation
\b0  (n) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
k\'e6ns\uc0\u601 \u712 le\u618 \u643 n
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 /\
	+ annulment\
	+ stopping\
    a. 
\i The cancellation of her flight caused her problems for the rest of the week.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i The cancellation clause appears at the back of the contract.
\i0 \
\
5. 
\b determine
\b0  (n) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
d\uc0\u618 \u712 t\u604 \u720 m\u618 n
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 /\
	+ to find out\
	+ to influence\
    a. 
\i After reading the contract, I was still unable to determine if our company was liable for back wages.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i The skill of the union bargainers will determine whether the automotive plant will open next Monday.
\i0 \
\
6. 
\b engage
\b0  (v) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u618 n\u712 \u609 e\u618 d\u658 /
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ participate\
	+ involve\
    a. 
\i Before engaging in a new business, it is important to do through research.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i He engaged us in a fascinating discussion about current business law.
\i0 \
\
7. 
\b establish
\b0  (v) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u618 \u712 st\'e6bl\u618 \u643 /
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ to institute permanently\
	+ to bring about\
    a. 
\i Through her many books and interviews, Dr.Wan established herself as an authority on conflict resolution.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i The merger of the two companies established a powerful new corporation.
\i0 \
\
8. 
\b obligate
\b0  (v) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u712 \u594 bl\u618 \u609 e\u618 t/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ to bind legally or morally\
    a. 
\i The contractor was obligated by the contract to work 40 hours a week.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i I felt obligated to finish the project event though I could have exercised my option to quit.
\i0 \
\
9. 
\b party
\b0  (n) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u712 p\u593 \u720 ti/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ a person or group participating in ac action or plan\
	+ the persons or sides concerned in a legal matter\
    a. 
\i The parties agreed to a settlement in their contract dispute.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i The party that prepares the contract has a distinct advantage.
\i0 \
\
10. 
\b provision
\b0  (n) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pr\uc0\u601 \u712 v\u618 \u658 n/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ a measure taken beforehand\
	+ a stipulation\
    a. 
\i The father made provisions for his children through his will.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i The contract contains a provision to deal with how payments are made if John loses his job.
\i0 \
\
11. 
\b resolve
\b0  (v) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
r\uc0\u618 \u712 z\u594 lv
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 /\
	+ to deal with successfully\
	+ to declare; \
	+ (n) conviction\
    a. 
\i The mediator was able to resolve the problem to everyone\'92s satisfaction.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i The businessman resolved to clean out all the files by the end of the week.
\i0 \
\
12. 
\b specific
\b0  (adj) /
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sp\uc0\u601 \u712 s\u618 f\u618 k/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ particular\
    a. 
\i The customer\'92s specific complaint was not addressed in his email.
\i0 \
    b. 
\i In a contract, one specific word can change the meaning dramatically.
\i0 \
}