{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green245\blue245;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22440\viewh17700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Study the following definitions and examples.\
\
1. 
\b attract
\b0  (v) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/\uc0\u601 \u712 tr\'e6kt/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ to draw by appeal\
a. 
\i The display attracted a number of people at the convention.
\i0 \
b. 
\i The new advertising attracts the wrong kind of customer into the store.
\i0 \
\
2. 
\b Compare
\b0  (v) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/k\uc0\u601 m\u712 pe\u601 (r)/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ to examine similarities and differences\
a. 
\i Once the customer compare the two product, her choice was easy
\i0 \
b. 
\i The price for this brand is high compared to the other brands on the market.
\i0 \
\
3. 
\b competition
\b0  (n) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/\uc0\u716 k\u594 mp\u601 \u712 t\u618 \u643 n/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ a contest or struggle  \
a. 
\i In the competition for afternoon diners, Hector\'92s has come out on top.
\i0 \
b. 
\i The company has decided not to join the growing competition for dominance in the semiconductor market
\i0 \
\
4. 
\b Consume
\b0  (v) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/k\uc0\u601 n\u712 sju\u720 m/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ to absorb; to use up\
a. 
\i The business plans consumed all of Ftiz\'92s attention fall.
\i0 \
b. 
\i This printer consumes more toner than the downstairs printer
\i0 \
\
5. 
\b Convince
\b0  (v) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/k\uc0\u601 n\u712 v\u618 ns/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ to bring to believe by argument\
	+ to persuade\
a. 
\i The salesmen convinced his customer to buy his entire inventory of pens
\i0 \
b. 
\i Before a business can convince customers that it provides a quality product, it must convince it\'92s marketing staff
\i0 \
\
6. 
\b Currently
\b0  (adv) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/\uc0\u712 k\u652 r\u601 ntli/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ happening at the present time\
	+ now\
a. 
\i We are currently exploring plans to update the MX3 model
\i0 \
b. 
\i Currently, customers are demanding big discounts for bulk orders.
\i0 \
\
7. 
\b Fad
\b0  (n) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/f\'e6d/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ a practice followed enthusiastically for a short time\
	+ a craze\
a. 
\i The mini dress was a fad once thought to be finished, but now it is making a comeback
\i0 \
b. 
\i Classic tastes may seem boring but they have proven to resist fads
\i0 \
\
8. 
\b Inspiration
\b0  (n) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/\uc0\u716 \u618 nsp\u601 \u712 re\u618 \u643 n/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ a thing or person that arouses a feeling\
a. His work is an inspiration to the marketing department\
b. Marta\'92s high sales in Spain were an inspiration to other European reps\
\
9. 
\b Market
\b0  (v) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/\uc0\u712 m\u593 \u720 k\u618 t/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ the course of buying and selling a product\
	+ (n) the demand for a product\
a. 
\i When omar first began making his chutneys, he marketed them door-to-door to gourmet shops
\i0 \
b. 
\i The market for brightly coloured clothing was brisk last year, but it\'92s moving sluggishly this year
\i0 \
\
10. 
\b Persuasion
\b0  (n) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/p\uc0\u601 \u712 swe\u618 \u658 n/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+  the power to influence\
	+ a deep conviction or belief\
a. 
\i The seminar teach techniques of persuasion to increase sales\

\i0 b.
\i  Under his persuasion, she returned to school for her MBA
\i0 \
\
11. 
\b Productive
\b0  (adj) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/pr\uc0\u601 \u712 d\u652 kt\u618 v/
\fs28 \'a0
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+ constructive\
	+ high yield\
a. 
\i The unproductive sales meeting brought many staff complaints
\i0 \
b. 
\i Alonzo is excited about his productive staff
\i0 \
\
12. 
\b Satisfaction
\b0  (n) 
\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/\uc0\u716 s\'e6t\u618 s\u712 f\'e6k\u643 n/
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	+  happiness\
a. 
\i Your satisfaction is guaranteed or you\'92ll get your money back
\i0 \
b. 
\i We will print the advertisement to your satisfaction
\i0 \
}